In this lesson we're going to look at brand new promises with ESX and promises are basically a result
of an asynchronous operation.
So at some point in the future a promise always gets handled and with promises we can greatly improve.
And clean up various operations and callbacks that we typically would have been doing in Javascript.
And there's quite a few uses for promises one of them is whenever we're doing an AJAX call if we're
waiting on a file to load then maybe we want to set up a promise whenever the file loads and we want
to do something with that.
So that's the example that we're going to set up now.
We're set up a basic function and this will be get get data that we're going to pass in.
You are all in here.
So this is our basic function that we're going to use in order to get data.
So we need to get a file in order to call that out and let's go over to my son and I've set up one here.
So this is the one that I'm going to make that AJAX call to go back into our page and that's actually
going to be the you are l.
So it's to get data and we need to pass it over our arguments of this.
So we're going to get data and then the URL that we want to pick up.
And right now we haven't include any promises so let's add those in and we're going to use then method
and what then does is basically it returns a promise.
So whenever a promise is ready this is where it's going to pick up and it's going to access and continue
the code from this point.
So within then let's have a function.
So set up a function and whatever we're getting back from our call we'll call it response like we went
on to a new line there.
So Ruth spots sort of will return back the data within the response object and let me let me clean this
up a little bit.
So it's a little bit easier to read there.
So we've got function and the parameter that we're looking for is response and then simply we're going
to console log out whatever we're getting back within our response.
So whatever we're returning back from our data get data call we want to see within the response.
And this is going to get initiated from promise.
So let's set up our promise and our promise is actually going to live within the function that we're
calling.
So basically they get data and what we're going to return back from this function is a new promise.
So we're setting up that promise.
And then within the promise we're going to have an anonymous function and within here we're actually
going to return back that response information.
So basically the way this is going to work this is going to kind of work similar to a callback where
whenever a promise is ready and it's fulfilled then we can output that information of the response into
the console.
And I'm not sure what happened there but let's and console.
So when a console log a response at that point
so it's build out our AJAX call so going back quite a few lessons that we had on X and X AML HTP request
and the way that we create those is new SML HTP request object.
So that basically gives us the ability to send requests and we saw it earlier that this object has a
lot of different methods that are contained within there.
So one of them is the exit of char we can do and open and we need to specify what we're what we're opening
and the method that we're going to use to open.
So usually I like to keep this upper case we're going to do get and we want to open up the you are.
So that's what we want to open up and then down here is where I want to send it.
So send initiate the opening of that.
You are all within the AJAX call.
And then within here we're going to listen for on load.
So there was a number of different options before but on board is the one that we want to listen to
within this case.
So whenever that file loads that we know that we want to pick it up and we want to do something with
that and on load we've got an anonymous function on the other end assigned to it.
And if we're going to do a quick check to see if the actual request is status is equal to 200 and we
saw that earlier that 200 basically means that you've made a connection and that you've got your response
back.
So here we're going to actually output within response.
So going back all the way into our function that we've set up earlier here that we're responding back
to that function.
So response over here is the value that we're looking for and this is where we're assigning value into
that response function.
And what we want to send back is that S.H. our response.
So I know I've used response quite a few times and I'm going to try to clean that up but for now let's
just try this out and see if it actually works.
So let's save it and go out to the console and load it and we see that in fact we were able to pull
back the information contained within this Jason File.
And now of course within our javascript we could actually make use of it within this get data a call
so we can actually really set this up.
And with promises this works really nice and neatly because the promises are give us the ability if
we're loading the file to give us a little bit more time to load that content in.
And then we've got it within a string format and we could parse it back into the sun and then we could
make use of it within this value here within the get data.
So what I want you to do now is try the search for yourself and build out this getting data from a u
r l.
So build this AJAX call using promises within your within your
code and that's going to make it look work a whole lot more efficiently.
And you can also call out to that same you are l because remember if you are working locally then you're
not able to link to any of the files you have to actually have a file that starts with HTP protocol.
So make sure that you're not linking to any internal files.
Otherwise you're not going to be able to make that Ajax connection.